University of North Florida - Building 2
Founders Hall (Building 2)

Since its opening in 1972 as one of the four original buildings on campus, Founders Hall has gone through a series of transitions. In 1989, the building was officially named Founders Hall to honor the charter faculty, staff and students who were on board at UNF’s inception.

In This Building:
    Academic Center for Excellence: The Academic Center for Excellence provides academic advising for freshmen and sophomore students as well as tutoring, academic skills workshops and major-related information sessions for all students. The Center also facilitates UNF’s annual writing contest.
    Art Computer Labs: UNF’s Art majors learn how to utilize technology as a tool, including industry standard programs including the Adobe Creative Suite in labs equipped with Mac computers.
    Dean of Students Office: The Dean of Students Office supports the University’s student-centered mission by focusing on care services, student conduct, academic integrity, conflict resolution, advocacy, and intentional educational engagement to promote and encourage well-being, accountability, prevention, and holistic student development.
    Counseling Center: The Counseling Center provides mental health services to the University community, including assessment and referral, individual, group counseling and crisis intervention to currently enrolled UNF students; and consultation/outreach services to faculty, staff, parents and students. The mission of the Counseling Center is to enhance students’ total educational experience by providing a confidential and supportive environment where student concerns can be shared and explored. Center services assist students with their personal development and enhance their potential for academic success.
    Gallery of Art: The UNF Gallery of Art is strictly dedicated to displaying artwork from students and faculty. The UNF Gallery of Art functions primarily as an educational resource by hosting exhibitions of artwork by professional artists, the Department of Art and Design students and faculty, as well as exhibitions and educational programming deemed to be of interest to the community. The Gallery, founded in 1981, encourages appreciation and understanding of art and its role in society through direct engagement with original works, and stimulates active learning about art and the creative process through research, teaching and dialogue among UNF students, faculty and the greater Jacksonville area.
    Student Conduct: The Student Conduct Staff administers hearings, provides educational sanctions to reinforce community standards and partners with several UNF departments to develop students and to teach civic responsibility. Student Conduct is committed to enhancing the quality of student life and providing a safer campus by holding students accountable for their actions and treating students with consistency, fairness and understanding.
    Nursing Nest - Lactation Space: The Nursing Nest is a private room (2/2100) designated as a lactation space allowing walk-ins and reservations for specific times. To reserve the room, requesters can call the Office of Community Engagement and Partnerships (CEP) at 904-620-2528. Parents are required to bring their own pumps.
    Office of Community Engagement and Partnerships: 
    The Office of Community Engagement and Partnerships advances the University’s community and business engagement efforts to establish and strengthen partnerships that support mutually aligned needs and priorities.
    Student Ombuds: The Office of the Student Ombuds provides all UNF students with a safe, confidential place to bring questions and concerns about University rules, policies or procedures. The Ombudsman assists students by considering all sides of an issue in an impartial and objective way, and then advises on how to best resolve the problems.
    Military and Veterans Resource Center: The Military and Veterans Resource Center was established in 2009 to serve as the centralized entry point for veterans and their families as they navigate civilian life as a mainstream student. Staffed by veterans, the Center provides tools and services to assist with transition, VA certifications and general academic success. Space is also dedicated to allow for community-building among UNF’s military and veteran population.

About this Place:
    Since its opening in 1972 as one of the four original buildings on campus, Founders Hall has gone through a series of transitions. In 1989, the building was officially named Founders Hall to honor the charter faculty, staff and students who were on board at UNF’s inception.

Building 2 at the University of North Florida is known as Founders Hall.

As one of the original four buildings constructed when the university opened in 1972, it holds a central place in UNF’s history. It was named in honor of the "charter" students, faculty, and staff who were part of the university's inaugural year.
+1

Key Info & Departments
Founders Hall is primarily an administrative and student services hub. It is located in the core of campus, right near J.J. Daniel Hall (Building 1). Notable offices and services located here include:

Office of the Dean of Students: Located in Suite 1400.

First-Year Advising: Located in Suite 1200.

UNF Gallery of Art: Found in Room 1001.

Military and Veterans Resource Center (MVRC): A key support center for student veterans.

Student Conduct and Outreach: Handles student-related advocacy and behavioral standards.

Fun Fact
Because it was part of the original campus footprint, Building 2 reflects the "brutalist" architectural style common in the early 1970s, though it has undergone various interior renovations to modernize student service spaces.