University of North Florida - Building 45
Building 45, Fine Arts Center
Home to the Lazzara Performance Hall
The 1,300-seat Lazzara Performance Hall is named for Gasper and Irene Lazzara, prominent civic leaders who donated $1.25 million to its funding. The fully equipped theater has excellent acoustics and state-of-the-art lighting and sound equipment. It is the second largest stage in the North Florida community and is ideal for any event, including concerts, lectures, meetings, theatrical productions and special events. The adjoining lobby features high ceilings, abundant natural light, two concession areas, contemporary furnishings and modern lighting accents. It's ideal for receptions, artist meet-and-greets, silent auctions and merchandise sales.
The Robinson Theater, adjacent to the Fine Arts Center, features a unique design that can be adapted to seat approximately 400 for smaller events. Renovated in 2024, it is the perfect mid-size venue for performances, lectures, or presentations. 
The Fine Arts Center is committed to stimulating the cultural and academic lives of University of North Florida students, faculty, staff, alumni and the Jacksonville community by providing unique professional venues for public rentals, which bring diverse programming to the community, both entertaining and educational. 

The 128,000-square-foot Fine Arts Center is a multipurpose facility home to Lazzara Performance Hall, the School of Music, the Department of Art & Design, faculty offices, classrooms, and rehearsal spaces. The Fine Arts Center serves a dual purpose: to enhance the academic programs on campus and to provide unique professional venues for public rentals.

The 1300-seat Lazzara Performance Hall is named for Gasper and Irene Lazzara, prominent civic leaders who donated $1.25 million to the hall’s funding. The fully equipped proscenium theater has state-of-the-art lighting, sound and acoustics—and is the second largest stage in the area. It is the perfect venue for any type of special event, including lectures, conferences, meetings, fundraisers, fashion shows, graduations, awards ceremonies, film screenings, theater productions, and concerts. The first floor lobby displays an intriguing sculpture installation entitled Aurora, by Tim Curtis, which the Florida Art commissioned in State Buildings Program.

The Fine Arts Center also manages an adjacent event venue. The Andrew A. Robinson, Jr. Theater was the first theater venue built on campus and features an innovative design that allows the space to be converted from a 700-seat theater to three separate venues, including a 400-seat theater and two 150-seat lecture halls. The Robinson Theater is named in honor of Dr. Andrew A. Robinson, Jr., a community leader and lifelong educator who served as Interim President of UNF from 1980-1982, as well as founding UNF faculty and Dean of the College of Education and Human Services.

Dr. Andrew Adolphus Robinson, Jr. was a Jacksonville native and one of Florida’s most beloved and respected educators. His influential career spanned four decades. A graduate of Florida A&M University, Dr. Robinson earned his master’s and doctor of education degrees from Columbia University. Initially, Dr. Robinson taught science in a local junior high school, but rose through the educational ranks to render distinguished service to education throughout the state and nation.
He was the first principal of William Raines Senior High School. As a Duval school administrator, he developed the in-service training program for faculty desegregation, which is credited with the smooth operation of county schools during the turbulent period of school desegregation in the late 1960s.
In 1970, Dr. Robinson joined the University of North Florida planning staff as assistant dean of faculties and associate professor of education. He rose steadily through the institutional ranks, serving as assistant dean, then dean, of the College of Education and Human Services. In 1980, he was appointed by the Florida Board of Regents as interim president of the University, a position he held for two years.
In 1982, he was appointed by the Board of Regents as director of the Florida Institute of Education. He consented to resume duties as dean of the College of Education and Human Services. In this latter capacity, he led his faculty and staff through the arduous accreditation process, which resulted in the full accreditation of teacher education programs by the National Council for the Accreditation of Teacher Colleges.
Two legacies memorialize Dr. Robinson at UNF. The University’s first fully funded $1 million Eminent Scholar Chair in Educational Policy and Economic Development was named in his honor by Frederick Schultz. Also, the 1987 Florida Legislature authorized the UNF student center to be named the Andrew A. Robinson, Jr. Student Life Center.
A distinguished civic and community leader, Dr. Robinson served on numerous boards and commissions, notably the Jacksonville Transportation Authority, the Jacksonville Housing Authority, the Jacksonville Community Relations Commission, and as 1987 chairman of the Jacksonville Branch, Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta.
The Andrew A. Robinson, Jr. Memorial Endowed Scholarship Fund was created in Dr. Robinson’s memory in 1988.

Types of Events:
Concerts, Conferences, Dance Recitals, Dance Competitions, Graduations & Awards Ceremonies, Lectures, Meetings & Training Seminars, Receptions, Theater Productions, University & Alumni