University of North Florida - Building 57

Tom and Betty Petway Hall
This expansive building houses UNF’s Silverfield College of Education and Human Services in addition to several resourceful departments that serve student needs.
Opened in 2009, Petway Hall is another facility following UNF’s commitment to sustainability, earning a LEED Gold certification from the U.S. Green Building Council.
The facility was named in honor of Tom and Betty Petway, who have actively supported UNF, the Disability Resource Center and community literacy programs.

Tom and Elizabeth Petway Bio
Tom and Betty Petway pose in front of the building that now bears their names.
The building that houses the Silverfield College of Education and Human Services (COEHS) was dedicated in November 2012 to honor devoted civic leaders Tom and Elizabeth “Betty” Petway for their outstanding contributions to education and literacy in Jacksonville and across the state of Florida.  
Tom Petway is a prominent area business leader serving on the board of US Assure Insurance Services, Inc., a national insurance marketing and administrative services company. He was a co-founder of and an original minority partner in the NFL’s 30th franchise, the Jacksonville Jaguars. Tom also has been co-chairman of the organizing group for Super Bowl XXXIX and co-chairman and CEO of the Jacksonville Super Bowl Host Committee. He has also been chairman of the board of directors for the Community Hospice Foundation, served as chairman of the Jacksonville Economic Development Commission, the Jacksonville Chamber of Commerce and the Jacksonville Preservation Project, as well as serving on the boards of the Jacksonville Transportation Authority and the World Golf Village. Additionally, Tom has also exhibited his commitment to education through his service on the State University System’s Florida Board of Regents and the subsequent Florida Board of Governors, being the only individual to have served as chairman of both statewide boards. 
Betty Petway is the vice chair of the Petway Family Foundation and was the first woman to chair the capital campaign for Community Hospice of Northeast Florida, for which she won an EVE Award for philanthropic service in 1996. She is actively involved in numerous organizations, including the American Cancer Society, Children’s Home Society, Hope Haven and the Jacksonville Jaguars Foundation. She is an honorary board member for the Jacksonville Zoo, honorary UNF alumna and a former UNF Foundation Board member. 

Silverfield College of Education and Human Services Advising
The Silverfield College of Education and Human Services Office of Academic Advising provides individualized academic advisement to all students in the college.
Each student is required to meet with an academic adviser regularly to ensure progress is being made efficiently toward a degree. Newly admitted transfer students are encouraged to schedule an appointment with an advisor early.

Silverfield College of Education and Human Services Dean’s Office
The Silverfield College of Education and Human Services offers a variety of programs to serve educational professionals in northeast Florida. Undergraduate and graduate programs are available in fields for students who wish to become classroom teachers, while other degree programs provide opportunities for students to pursue careers in school administration, sign language interpreting and sport management. All degree programs places a strong emphasis on community partnerships and experiential learning whether through field experience at partner schools that serve children in poverty and children with special needs, or through internships with high school or college-level athletic programs.

SCOEHS Office of Research and Grant Development
This office focuses on supporting research and grant development specifically within education and human services disciplines, helping faculty and staff pursue funding opportunities and manage research projects aligned with their academic goals.

Department of Leadership, Organization and Community Impact
The Department of Leadership, Organization and Community Impact offers professional studies suitable for students interested in several education careers paths, preparing students to become ASL/English interpreters, counselors, administrators and sport management professionals.

Department of Philosophy and Religious Studies
The Department of Philosophy and Religious Studies offers undergraduate and graduate programs in philosophical analysis as well as applied ethics.

Department of Philosophy and Religious Studies
The Department of Philosophy and Religious Studies offers undergraduate and graduate programs in philosophical analysis as well as applied ethics.

Religious Studies Program
Housed within the Department of Philosophy, the religious studies program offers an undergraduate major and minor in the field. The department also supports general education curriculum that can be applied toward students’ cultural diversity course requirement.

Department of Teaching, Learning and Curriculum
The Department of Teaching, Learning and Curriculum, in its commitment to leadership and excellence, strives to enhance the quality of education in its varied forms and settings in Florida, the nation and the world. Students are equipped with the knowledge and tools to become reflective leaders in today’s diverse educational settings. Students research and model dynamic learning strategies then implement them in real classroom settings during authentic field experiences.

Student Accessibility Center
The Student Accessibility Center (SAC) promotes and facilitates partnerships among UNF students with disabilities and the UNF community. The Center provides input on the admission process for students with documented disabilities and works with academic departments to ensure that students with disabilities are provided the opportunity to achieve their maximum potential.

Northeast Florida Stem (NEFSTEM)
The goal of the Northeast Florida Center for Science Technology Engineering and Math Education (NEFSTEM) is to make Northeast Florida a hub for Science and Technology Innovation by providing support for the improvement of teaching and learning in STEM through research, pedagogical activities, and community involvement in order to augment STEM literacy and careers in STEM-Related fields.

Office of Service-Learning and Civic Engagement
The Office of Service-Learning and Civic Engagement (OSLCE) provides students with rich, real world opportunities that enhance student learning, personal development and civic involvement while also contributing to the enrichment and well-being of the greater Jacksonville community and beyond.

On Campus Transition
The On Campus Transition program is a partnership with The Arc Jacksonville, providing a college experience to young adults in the community with intellectual disabilities. On Campus Transition students participate in all aspects of college life by auditing UNF courses, joining campus organizations and clubs and participating in recreational/leisure activities that are enjoyed by all UNF students. Students are mentored in academic, social and recreation activities through mentoring programs with UNF student peers.

Sport Data Analytics Lab
The Sport Data Analytics Lab (S.D.A. Lab) is a sport-related data analytics focused lab within the sport management field housed in the Silverfield College of Education and Human Services at the University of North Florida. The Lab is a one-of-a-kind place to share our data analytics expertise through partnered projects and consultations with sport-related organizations regionally, nationally and internationally.

USoar Program
Housed in the Silverfield College of Education and Human Services, USoar is a postsecondary education program designed for UNF students with intellectual disabilities (ID). The mission of USoar is to empower students with intellectual disabilities, fostering their academic, social, and professional growth in a supportive environment.









